Welcome back let's continue on with our example.
We have Doc compose all set up here so we should be able to add postscripts on here as well so that
we just have everything running inside of it container.
Now before we do anything and you might encounter some errors as well.
Always make sure that there's no containers running that might conflict.
In our case we have our smart brain API running.
But just to start off from a clean slate I like to do dog hair compose down which will bring down all
the services.
As you can see over here perfect Let's clear this now in order to add post-career on here.
It's actually quite easy.
We once again create a new service and let's add a comment here just so we know what we're doing so
we'll say this is postscripts and I'm going to remove this comment over here since we don't need it
perfect.
And I'm going to say that this is the backend API.
Now within here I'll call this service postscripts
I'll have a container name of postscripts and we're going to use the image that is already pre-built
for us on the dotcom hub and the postscripts image on Doc hobbies conveniently called postscripts.
Now the other thing you want to do is again make sure that the ports are accessible to us.
So we'll have our default postscripts and this is just the default port for postscripts.
You might remember that we've used this before.
Whenever we've connected to our database and just for that to the same port.
Now if I save this let's see what happens when I run dock or compose up and then remember dash dash
build to build everything.
And you see that I've made a little typo here.
It should be ports.
Let's try that again.
And you see over here how it's pulling postscripts the latest from the library pro scraps.
You'll see that it's doing some work.
And because this is our first time doing it it will take a bit of time just to download everything.
Now the area here if you read it see it says that we cannot create a container service conflict.
The container postscripts is already in use and there's something that you want to be careful of Whenever
you're using images.
In our case this image already has the container name set so we actually don't need this.
If I save this and run this again
we'll get that.
Let's make this a little bit bigger so you can see actually.
There you go.
All right.
Looks like our doctor container look at that has postscripts and the back and the back end is running
and the post Chris gives a lot of input here.
But we see their success.
You can now start the database server.
And if you keep going down you see that post graphs in it process complete ready for start up.
And then the final message is database system is ready to accept connections.
Well let's test these connections.
Let's see if it actually works.
If I go back to my piece sequel and I tried to connect to the smart brain what do we call it in our
server.
We call that smart brain.
We used one but lets just do smart brain because that's what we did.
No passwords supply and get password authentication filled for user on agoI.
Ok that makes sense because I've created this database but there's nothing that I've specified in here.
And a more likely scenario is that there is a user and a password for a database and we have a way to
connect the back end to the postscripts even though they're in their own world their own container.
You want a way for them to speak to each other and connect securely.
Now the way we're going to do this is through environmental variables.
Well let me show you what that looks like.
If I go back to Dharker compose I'm going to give a property to back and API.
And this is going to be environment and environment is simply environmental variables that we're going
to pass down and with think here we can just simply do postscripts user will be let's say Sally postscripts
password be say it's a secret and will say that postscripts database let's call it smart brain doctor.
And then finally this is a bit of a trick.
But if you see here we have a host and up to this point the host was local host.
But remember when we're running in daquiri it's in it's own separate world so we can just reference
local host from our computer.
Instead we are able to reference
the name of the service as the hosts.
In our case it's going to be postscripts and this is linked by adding a links property and links simply
says
that in this darker world of ours I want to the back end API to link to postscripts.
Let me show you what I mean.
Going back to our diagram we're trying to build this container out.
We have our API server running and we also have our database running now.
However they don't really know of each other's existence.
They're not really connecting and the API server needs to connect to the database to make all those
rescue all calls like getting users storing hashed passwords and so on.
And in the future videos we're also going to have to connect read as well so we're trying to form these
connections and once again we're simply using links in the future when we have read us as well.
We'll have a read a service and it's going to be linking here in the links.
So we have these environmental variables.
Now all we have to do is if I save this and go back I can simply access them through process.
Dot dot
postscripts let me just copy this because it will be easier.
The post address host which is going to be postscripts so very Yeow process that MF
and we're going to do for user.
It's going to be user password is going to be password.
And then finally for the database name we're just going to leave it at name.
So let me just make sure the names are correct.
User password D.B and host.
So this should be D-B that's a weirdly named environment variable but that's fine for now.
Let me save that.
Now we have to restart everything since we need to recreate our database.
So the way we do that is let me close this.
I'm going to make this a little bit larger.
Clear the terminal and run Ron or compose and instead of up we're going to bring everything down and
we see we have a bit of an air if we go back to dock or compose Oh we have to have a space in here.
YAML files can get very very tricky with spaces.
Let's try that again.
Purrfect and then run dock or compose up again.
All right.
We're getting an error here saying that roll Sally does not exist.
If I go to my server yes.
And we just console the old log process dot and Dot post-crash let's say user let's save
OK I get Sally.
So we are getting these environmental variables.
All right let me minimize this.
Here's the other thing and I bring this up because we're going to always have these issues when you're
first setting up doctor and it can get really really frustrating.
But if we think about this critically we've given our postscripts user and password DB host all these
information however we actually have not given that to the postscripts image we need to also do the
same thing to our database so that it creates the user password database and has all this information
that it needs.
So if I copy this down here too or let me copy the entire environment's variables
and I save.
Let me bring this down again.
We now don't have any of those issues.
And by the way change the user name to lowercase just because that's standard you don't want to have
any upper cases in user field but this just looks nicer.
Now let's give this a try.
Right click OK and say we want to connect to smart brain docker users are going to be Salli password
is going to be secret.
Hey connect look at that.
Connected to the database.
All right.
Now let's clean this up a bit.
This is a little bit messy and most docker compose files.
You'll see a bit of a different setup because from our smart brain API we can simply connect to postscripts
like this.
I can just say PC quoll postscripts and give my password and secret.
So in my case it's going to be Salli password is secret.
Instead of localhost remember it's going to be postscripts the port number and our database again because
I'm using this from my laptop which is localhost I am exposing the port so I could leave this as a local
host on the backend API server when I actually connect to proscribes I'll have to do this in our case
though since I'm doing this from my computer from my local host if I do local host I see that I'm connected.
Perfect.
Now the setup that we want to do here is instead of having all of this we're going to just say that
there's there postscripts you are right.
And this you are I will reference the post-crisis and very similar to what we did here so I'm actually
going to copy and paste this
make this a little bit smaller.
It's going to reference postscripts Salli secret instead of localhost.
It's going to reference postscripts port 5:43 to smart brain.
Dr. now all I need to do is save this go back to the server and ignore all these things and instead
remove this because we can simply do process.
And Dot postscripts.
You are right for unique resource identifier.
And if I saved this open up our terminal again let's bring everything down
and started back up.
We're now connected to that database and everything should be working.
Very cool.
We've just connected our two applications.
Now it's time to see if this all works with our app.
I'll see you in the next video.
Buh-Bye.